Add tab for CCM on Watchdog Insights page (#25741)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/watchdog/insights.md

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/orchestration/overview/pod
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Cloud Cost Management" %}}

> For Cloud Cost, the Watchdog Insight carousel analyzes outliers to automatically [reflect arising trends][1] that you can investigate to nip potential cost explosions in the bud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Cloud Cost, the Watchdog Insight carousel analyzes outliers to automatically [reflect arising trends][1] that you can investigate to prevent potential cost explosions.
```
